we're about to meet the mom and dad of a
famous person I don't know who the
famous person is our staff arranged this
without my knowledge I've been given no
clues nothing has been revealed - I
didn't even know we had a show tonight
let's put it that way so it's a guessing
game it's kind of like 20 questions I
don't have a really a limit on the
questions I get to ask yes or no
questions last time we did this was with
Seth Rogen's parents and set and I did
not get I needed help from the band to
figure it out but anyway here we go it's
time to do a gear mow you have three
clues right that's right Jess okay now
do not give me the clues unless I call
for and need them you know who the
celebrities parents who it is yes you
mean you do okay very good all right
very let's fire up our big Cisco screen
the wall of America thank you for
joining us well I'm gonna ask a series
of yes-or-no questions and you just tell
me all right
since I was so bad at this last time
there's gonna be a few clues okay we'll
start with is your is is it your son yes
okay so we're talking at a male now
younger than 40 years old
no no younger than 50 years old yes yes
is your child a musician no is your
child an actor yes yes
oh very good all right is your child a
television star yes is your child also a
movie star yes okay very good
is is he in a movie that is in theaters
right now no okay did your child wet the
bed as a kid yes yes yeah
that one didn't really have a I just
forgive the embarrassing hey old by the
way has your child embarrassed you
publicly yes oh yeah how do people react
when you tell them who your son is they
find they faint oh wow
okay girls swoon girls swoon two-minute
laughs Wow all right the girls swoon the
minute okay does he have any tattoos yes
is he considered to be a fashion icon no
has he ever been on a reality show
yes oh he has Wow
oh boy okay is he a comedy star yes
he's primarily known for comedy yes here
Moe do you have any guesses oh you know
who it is I guess you don't have any
guesses yeah ha ha
has your son been on our show yes yes
okay
is your son someone I know personally
yes he did okay are you in the South
right now yes are you in are you in
Tennessee yes is your is your son johnny
Knoxville yes yes
[Applause]
yeah the classic ovarian
Oh mom they swoon you wait a little
headway
are they really swooning is that right
they're swimming wow that's something
else so Johnny it looks like you're next
to your parents but you are not next to
your parents right now I know I'm in Los
Angeles right down the street from you
well you know oh you are okay well we
should have brought you in here I guess
but Johnny your parents said that you've
embarrassed them in public have they
done anything to embarrass you that you
can share with us oh my good
well my dad used to send letters from
the BD clinic to all my friends
Mariel disease yeah oh that's pretty bad
yeah that's as far as pranks go that's a
pretty I see where you got it Wow yeah
well I can't I'm so proud of myself
right now I'm flabbergasted I hardly
even know what to say well thank you
guys thanks to the whole Clapp family
were you upset when Johnny changed his
name to Knoxville no you had it on ya
she tell him how we tried to ground me
once I was acting ugly on jackass and
one Holden's right to ground me over
home gym how did that work did you
really try to do you think you would be
able to ground him as an adult over the
telephone
certainly sorted I see
Wow Wow this it didn't work when he was
a kid so no Johnny I'd heard you had
parents but I really didn't believe it
until now
well thanks all three of you for doing
this thank you do you love clicking
buttons and subscribing to things then
click the button to subscribe to my
channel and you'll finally be happy